
Noussair Mazraoui again faced Benfica for his second Champions League goal of the season. The right back from Ajax has grown into a basic player at Ajax in a short period of time and that does not go unnoticed in his homeland Morocco
Yes, that lives here tremendously. All boys who play abroad and play for the Moroccan team are followed closely ", confirms Mark Wotte in conversation with VoetbalPrimeur Wotte is the national coach of Young Morocco and sees that the performance of Mazraoui be watched closely. That is because the Champions League is also broadcast in Morocco. Everyone follows the Champions League and also the Moroccan boys who play in the Champions League. And then they also know that Mazraoui and Hakim Ziyech play at Ajax, so Ajax is closely followed.
If he makes such a goal against Bayern, everyone in Morocco knows that same minute, "continues Wotte, and the winning goal against Benfica is also being noticed, and everyone is proud of him, he says. instead of the Netherlands, it also makes him popular.
Mazraoui after his goal against Benfica, with which the former coach of FC Utrecht, Willem II and Jong Oranje, for example, immediately adds a sensitive subject. Wotte, who sent Mazraoui as a trainer of Morocco O20 for the first time an invitation, spoke with the right back of Ajax about it. "When he was faced with the choice, I told him, it is your own choice, nobody can help you, you have to do that yourself." Then he said: When nobody saw me in the Netherlands, I was invited for the Moroccan team, which meant a lot to him.
According to Wotte, it helps that head coach Hervé Renard has an eye for young boys. "There are now five players who can still play for Young Morocco with the A-team, of which a number of boys play regularly.It is of course very attractive for young Moroccan players that we have a national coach who does not have his eyes close for the development of young players.
The back of Ajax made its debut in September with a 20-minute inning against Malawi. He did not play the last interland period because of an injury. With the Moroccan team, Mazraoui should logically earn his place. "Ziyech is of course very big, that is the star of the team, who has already proven his position and also played at the World Championships, Noussair has to take a few steps in that respect, but if he goes for a series of matches as a basic player playing at Morocco, people will naturally also appreciate and recognize him more and more and he will also get more and more status.
Stormy development. Wotte admits that he had not immediately realized that Mazraoui would develop so stormy. "But that's the fun part of my job: I work with boys between the ages of 17 and 21. Some guys expect a lot, but then the process goes slower and some players come like a rocket." From Noussair I knew that he had the potential, he has a lot of basic qualities and in a general sense it is a very good footballer, but you also have to get the chance, thanks to Erik ten Hag, who dared to bring him to Ajax at that position. to put.
That the right back is so well maintained, according to the 57-year-old coach has to do with his modest personality. "Somebody who blows off the tower after one or two matches in Ajax 1 can also fall very deeply." Noussair has remained calm, just does his job, knows exactly when he has played well, and is very realistic about himself. He lives for his football and for that matter he is again a very nice role model for other young players in the Netherlands and in Morocco.

